Resource type and project dependencies (#7187)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies.md

- Available in [dbt Cloud Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing). To use it, designate a [public model](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access) and add a [cross-project ref](#how-to-write-cross-project-ref).
- For the upstream ("producer") project setup:
  - Configure models in upstream project with [`access: public`](/reference/resource-configs/access) and have at least one successful job run after defining `access`.

>   - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful job run in that environment. Verify that the job run generates a [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this contains necessary metadata information for downstream projects.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful job run in that environment. Make sure the deployment job run generates a [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this contains necessary metadata information for downstream projects.
```

>   - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful job run in that environment. Make sure the deployment job run generates a [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this contains necessary metadata information for downstream projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful _deployment_ job run in that environment. Make sure the deployment job run generates a [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this contains necessary metadata information for downstream projects.
```

>   - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful _deployment_ job run in that environment. Make sure the deployment job run generates a [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this contains necessary metadata information for downstream projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful _deployment_ job run in that environment. Make sure the deployment job run generates a [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, which provides the metadata needed by downstream projects.
```

- For the upstream ("producer") project setup:
  - Configure models in upstream project with [`access: public`](/reference/resource-configs/access) and have at least one successful job run after defining `access`.

>   - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful job run in that environment.

Reviewer: i wonder if we can combine both messages in this bullet instead of introduce another bullet (new line added in line 25) so for example:

```suggestion
  - Define a deployment environment in the upstream project as [Production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment), ensuring at least one successful deployment job run in that environment. Make sure the deployment job run generates an updated [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this is contains necessary metadata information for downstream projects.
```

>   - If changes have been made, ensure that the job run generates an updated [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this is necessary for downstream projects to reference the latest changes.

Author: ```suggestion
  - If changes have been made, ensure that the deployment job run generates an updated [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this is necessary for downstream projects to reference the latest changes.
```

>   - If changes have been made, ensure that the deployment job run generates an updated [manifest.json](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) file, as this is necessary for downstream projects to reference the latest changes.

Reviewer: i'd delete this if the above suggestion is committed
```suggestion
```
